listen your goose is probably one of the
most interesting directors out there
even if I don't love all of his movies
like he's always doing that thing with
his actors where he wants them to sound
like they're in a third grade play
[Music]
I think we're a much yes I think so too
I personally love dogtooth and I highly
recommend it as his best film it's my
personal favorite the lobster would then
be my second favorite Alps would be my
third favourite sacred deer is easily my
least favorite and the favorit is
somewhere in the middle for me even
though it keeps pushing that six act
trend that I don't really like let me
explain so this movie was written way
back in 1998 where according to the
producer it didn't get any financing
because of its LGBTQ content and there
not being a male lead and then 2018
happened and what I think is interesting
about this movie is how it's based off
of a true story and how the
screenwriters actually gathered the
three women's letters to see how they
talk to each other and considering that
this is the first script Yorgos didn't
pan with his writing partner I can see
why people will consider this more
accessible but it still has that ending
that I know it's gonna work a lot of
people pretty much Queen Anne has these
two sidekicks that are trying to win her
approval to become the favorite and
besides adding an unnecessary you in the
title these two unnecessarily complicate
things by spying each other I don't know
if you guys have seen the movie fans
some thread from last year it's one of
my personal favorites some of you I'm
sure have if you haven't definitely go
check out that movie and especially go
check out the Duke of Burgundy because
if you love the favorite you are going
to adore both of those movies and this
one their whole dynamic I thought was
fantastic especially when you realize by
the end of the movie that everything you
thought you knew was completely wrong
now you start off thinking that Sarah is
this controlling monster who's always
rude to the Queen and is using her when
in reality the Queen doesn't do much
without her abigail automatically comes
off as this cute and lovable servant
because she's atmos tone when in reality
she may be a stone-cold killer and
Olivia Colman just straight-up steals
his performance even though I don't know
why they're still pushing her for lead
and not supporting because we aren't all
Tony's got it in the bag it isn't until
Abigail finds these two canoodling that
she realizes what she needs to do to
gain power because you see Abigail's
father lost her in a bet and she pretty
much became a sex slave for a humpty
dumpty looking dude as her dad burned
himself to death in his own home so
she's pretty much willing to do anything
to get out of being of servants she's
biting the one dude who wants to marry
her and once he actually does she's just
acting like an 18th century thought she
straight-up tells the Queen that if she
knocks out in her mud bath just imagine
it as hot chocolate so that way you can
choke to death
happy
she massages the Queen styes until she
gets up to the Royal bean and then
poison Sara so that she can get lost in
the woods making her the only one left
in this mansion now like I said Sara may
come off as mean but she's like the Dick
Cheney of this place if it wasn't for
her the Queen would have no idea what to
do politically she's aware and is
lactose intolerant before doctors even
know what that is and while she may be
referring to the Queen as a wisconsin
mascot that's because sara is the only
one who's honest to her
so for Abigail to twist things and
convince the Queen to banish the person
who loves you the most gives you one of
the most depressing endings you can
think of see the Queen had lost
seventeen children and her way of coping
with their laws was to get a new rabbit
every time so she has a total of 17
rabbits right there in a room and it
isn't until she's completely exiled her
right-hand woman that she's stuck having
to deal with all the responsibilities
Sarah was doing and realizes that
Abigail wasn't really going to be this
cute girl who she thought she was and
instead the power gets to her head
as she tries stepping on one of her
rabbits expecting coins to come out or
something so after fighting to be the
favorite all three of these are just
depressed Abigail who said that her life
was a continual maze of submission finds
herself as a psyche servant just to
another master again she's pretty much
another pet rabbit after the Queen's
loss of Sarah Sarah who was all for
Queen and country is living in the
countryside all along with her husband
who spends more time with his doc and
Anne whose Rabb is represented her
misery is stuck with nobody getting
sicker every day because no one tells
her to stop eating cake like that kid
from Matilda has that exact symbol for
misery gets overlaid on top of these two
and continues to multiply on them until
we cut to the credit but if y'all see
we're thinking after checking out this
video I'm curious know your thoughts
down below in the comment section I
definitely like this movie a lot more
than Suspiria some people working or
comparing the two in terms of the story
that goes on between the power dynamics
and this one is leagues above Suspiria
in my opinion the only thing with it is
that there are moments and you know your
goes those is a lot worse like you get
the point of a scene two minutes three
minutes in and he's like no I'm gonna
put this to eight minutes huges that
they're going all right we're just sit
here with this fish Koblenz right here I
I do really like what he does with his
movies because this man is such he
loves natural lighting so much and
obviously with this taking place you
know way back when not that much
electricity they had alike assemble
everything around fire codes because
they were lighting the scenes in this
movie all the night scenes with candles
so they had bought like a bunch of
candles just to make sure that
everything was lit naturally the way he
wanted to I think it's kind of crazy I'm
surprised the whole place didn't get set
on fire especially considering the place
that they shot is like the super
expensive iconic mansion things so if
your scenario thoughts not blowing this
comment section let me know who your
favorite was in this movie who you think
the standout was what your favorite
movies of the year are now that we're
getting towards the end of it your
interpretation of the ending any of that
stuff down below in the comment section
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you a hot
chocolate